hey guys it's Jenny so um we moved so i
know i just made a video last week where
I told you that I was super stressed out
and everything was going crazy and I
just wanted to have a pug and move out
as fast as possible and that I've been
trying to achieve lots of stuff at the
same time and it drove me crazy and as
you can see I'm right right now I'm in a
different setting and that is because we
moved we have a very different situation
right now where we're in and I'm just a
little I need to get used a lot of stuff
because I'm right now I mean it totally
different setting I'm in a different
house I am there are people downstairs
which is also a thing that I need to get
used to because I need get used to
filming and talking to you when there is
someone in the house just yeah
everything is so overwhelming and it is
just 0 but finally everything is getting
set I guess I'm gonna explain the
situation good and I decided to search
for an house like a super long while ago
but it was very hard to get a house
because of money and just house market
and just everything oh so you're sitting
coon lived in a big ass house together
with his two sisters with his brother
and his dad knew he had Coon and
couldn't moved out because he started
living with me and then his dad mad a
very beautiful woman he decided to live
with so his dad moves out of the house
as well yes their dad moved out of the
house so there were two sisters and
there was Paul while his brother of cook
not much later there are sisters decided
to live together and move out of the
house well so Paul is living in this
super big ass house on his own their dad
didn't want to sell the house also
because Paul didn't has his own
apartment yet so Paul was living in his
house for a very long time well not very
long time but a few months on his own
everybody said that we should move to
fall because the house was big enough it
is it's super big but because we were
searching for apartments and we need to
know when we could get an apartment we
do not decided to move in this house
because in case we would find a house
for our own we should move
again in a very short period of time and
that is something we did not wanted to
do so we did we decided not to go to
Paul right after I made that video last
week I called Coon and crying because I
was so stressed out and I just couldn't
get it any more i just wanna it was time
to move out as fast as possible so we
went to Coons place and we talked to
Paul and we set a stow is it okay if we
start living with you and he was like
yeah sure come over there are a few
things happening right now I'm gonna
tell you tomorrow about everything
because you guys will be so excited I am
super excited and just I just want to
tell you right now but I kind of want to
keep it a little bit as a secret so you
have till tomorrow is like a super big
surprise right now we decided to move to
Paul 2 Coons old place and renovate a
big part of the house so we could have
that for the two of us so Coon and I
sort of build a little studio on the
Edit because it is big enough and we
even have a little balcony and i'm going
to show you everything at the end of
this video as a sort of room tour but
it's basically a little studio right now
my clothes are still at home but i'll
get them to hear because we also have a
gaming room it sounds so ridiculous in
from talking about it right now because
I was so stressed out that little small
room I was just living in last week and
now all of a sudden so many things have
changed so yeah that's basically the
situation right now I'm basically living
with Khun and his brother and his
brother is always at home because he
makes music and it's not like musical
djing he also does that but he also does
movie trailers and stuff like that if
you won't need to do when room a tag we
could do that but the quickest I think
that will be pretty awesome so you get
to know pause well like my roommate
right now it's very nice because Coon
and I have our own little space upstairs
and we have like a bathroom with a
little working space for me and right
now i'm sitting in our mini living room
and it's very nice out here and all the
stuff I got for our house is in here
right now and I just feel like home and
it's so cool because it feels so
different from the rest from the house
we fix this in a few days and that's why
I'm here
all of a sudden and everything is
finished yet because the videos that
came came online last week were
scheduled so I could do this this is
what we're doing right now we'd have
done nothing out so like I said Paul was
at home every time every day and I still
need to get used to talking to you when
there is someone in the house I think
I'm doing pretty good but if I sound a
little bit all or nervous or looking at
super wrong directions it's because of
that it's just yeah I need to get used
to lots of stuff but I'm so glad we did
this and I feel less stressed already
I'm still a little bit stress over a new
thing that happened and that is
something that i will show you tomorrow
because i can tell you right now not yet
tomorrow tomorrow everything will be
just yeah that's basically my update at
the moving thing if you have any
questions or you want to know stuff just
leave questions I'll answer them I'm
here when the room downstairs is finish
which we will make into a gaming room
and walk-in closet thing i'll show you
that as well because but i think that
will be in a few weeks because we don't
want to hurry we just want to relax
right now chill and summer is coming
there's a heat wave coming up this week
which is amazing i'm super excited about
it so I'm gonna enjoy that and just yeah
so let's start with room door 10 10 10
10 10 and when you come upstairs this is
farrah little place okay right here we
have a door which is a door with crap
behind it so i'm gonna show you here are
under tickets and then when you come
upstairs you have my American flag but
your little Bank couch pink with
and a plan and then right here we have
my camera was just filming so that's why
it's a little messy right here a few
moving boxes that still need to get when
you still need to cut it up and then
right here we have a little messy area
with lots of plants and cactuses and
just yeah this is our closet with some
stuff in there and then right here we
have
our little TV with some stuff and blink
ready to pose are luckily luckily kun
let me have this poster in her living
room I think it looks pretty cool but he
likes it as well so does fine den right
here these door next to the blinking we
have a little balcony and then we right
here we have a little garden couch said
call this is a little flight case which
is our table for outside and then right
here we have the balcony and then right
here where we just came upstairs we have
a little I don't know what's it called
but crap hanging right here and then we
have our little bath room good to do so
this is our bad it's a little messy as
well and where this is where we put our
dirty lens laundry and I right here we
have my little working space and again a
blink 182 poster and this is my agenda
from the whole year this is a year and
I've only put um concerts in here this
just yeah and then I cross down the days
and this is this is all the days of the
year with your left then down here we
have some stuff that I made to clean and
in my computer with my bling query to
bunny lots of link what I do stuff and
then right here we have some plants
again and just yeah so there's our
little space and it's where we're living
in right now and yeah so thank you so
much for watching if you liked this
video please give it its own self
because it will help me a lot and if you
haven't already please take a minute to
subscribe you come Rick a roller so you
can keep updated to all the next
adventures up in things that will change
and just everything I see you guys
tomorrow bye
you